good families how are you and how are you
today it's Saturday, good bricomania
art crafts is good then
nothing I have decided that I will customize
a ladder that I had surely seen
in urging that I've seen it in videos
that it's nothing two steps that I bought in
the ikea they serve then to get on
high to me what do I know I use it for
attend and then good at it and that there
to deposit to sell in plan is that is
Cheaper comes treated and prepared
so that you can do something with
she so that I paint her is so that the
varnishes for whatever you want then
well I have decided that I am going to hit
some pictures that I found online
I have trimmed the printers
cut by fixed we go to it with the
better heart attack than if you do not know what
which is right now I 'm going to teach you and
well I hope you like this video what
do because many then when the upload
picture is a mini video on Instagram is
as a game but I want to see how
you have done but such then well
I think it's a good idea that even at
those who have little ones in cases
can help do it because it's a
bullshit in fact I think it's meet me
will help me see if it will be easy
and nothing because that is not a video
typical of inverted lady but I think
Good thing we sometimes find things
in stores that you say oh my god what
pretty and they sell it to you for me that I'm from
a hundred euros and well could you do something
same better resemblance and much more homemade
much more beautiful by choosing the photos that
you want because of course on the internet
the universe of the millions of photos that
you want me chosen as a kind of photos
erotic vintage that I like a lot
but you can choose car hearts
motorcycles phrases whatever it is so that
let's go
to make the best heart attacks that I
I call it that because it's like that almost
he knows everything thanks to the famous
program is done with paste queue and
White glue
with the white for wood in this case
but let's say that in Chinese so
I say water
and then a bowl to mix it
there is usually no exact measurement
but well here I have the photos I'm going
to paste and I would recommend you to use
Well, some brushes of those that do not
that you are already seeing spe struggled that no
are you going to use for something else and so on
Well, we're not going to do anything
good as everything in this life is not always
out things first and this
I hope it serves as an example for
you see that not all the videos that come out
on YouTube or all the things that the
people go up are perfect in the first
moment then good the problem that
I've had has been that the photos that
I wanted to put are of a grammage
as it is a folio the grammage is very hard
and it costs a lot to adapt it to the piece that
you want then the one of copei that
so called the technique by which
I was doing that basically it 's like
a collage is usually done or with
napkins or with magazine sheets
comics things more end a sheet a little bit
more finite than the folio so good
I have decided to change the style
and good
what better than my own style of
polka dots that you know that I love these
are napkins the truth is that I do not know
exactly where are I think they are from
workshop may be I do not know and nothing then
same in the same technique is worth so
let's see if this time it does not
It works and what I said I wanted to show you
the file in the decoration file so that
do not pass to you or eat any
thing because there are many videos in
internet that they say give to catch any
Not because you are really going to take
a bad time a time and money lost
because maybe I have to go back to
buy cola or whatever and so
i
to me